README.md, before:

# Notion-ISBN

 Python App that Gets ISBN numbers from Notion and populates book data using the Google Books API

 Duplicate the [Notion Books_Template](https://allaboutduncan.notion.site/3db8f153c5734fa883ea28030255a9df?v=c946f182c52d41a0bde3e96a237fb2a4&pvs=4)

 ![Library Example Image](/images/library.png)

This repository helps in managing ISBNs with Notion. Follow the instructions below to clone the repository and install it via Docker CLI or using `docker-compose`.

## Requirements

* AWS S3 Bucket for Image storage
* [Notion API Key / Custome Integration](https://developers.notion.com/docs/create-a-notion-integration)
* [Google Books API Key](https://developers.google.com/books/docs/v1/getting_started)
* [Pushover](https://pushover.net/)

## Clone the Repository

First, you need to clone this repository to your local machine.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/allaboutduncan/notion-isbn.git
cd notion-isbn
```

## Edit the Docker Compose File

For the app to run,  you must edit the `docker-compose.yaml` fle and configure the following environment variables with the appropriate values.

            - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=ENTER-YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-HERE
            - AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=ENTER-YOUR-SECRET-KEY-HERE
            - AWS_BUCKET=bucket-name
            - NOTION_TOKEN=notion_secret
            - NOTION_DATABASE_ID=notion-database-id
            - GoogleAPIKey=Google-Books-API-Key
            - PO_TOKEN=pushover-app-API-key
            - PO_USER=pushover_user_key

Note: Currently, Pushover is required, but I'll publish an update in the future making it optional. I highly recommend using Pushover, as the app will send you error information if it encouters issues when adding books.

## Installation via Docker Compose (CLI)

Use `docker-compose` to install to load the variables in the yaml file needed to run the app:

1. **Ensure you have Docker Compose installed:**

   Docker Compose is typically included with Docker Desktop on Windows and Mac. On Linux, you may need to install it separately.

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```bash
   cd notion-isbn
   ```

3. **Run Docker Compose:**

   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

   This command will build and start the services defined in the `docker-compose.yaml` file in detached mode.

## Installation via Docker Compose (Portainer)

Copy the following and edit the environment variables

    version: '3.9'
    services:
        notion-books:
            image: allaboutduncan/notion-isbn:latest
            container_name: notion-books
            logging:
                options:
                    max-size: 1g
            restart: always
            volumes:
                - '/var/run/docker.sock:/tmp/docker.sock:ro'
            ports:
                - '3331:3331'
            environment:
                - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=ENTER-YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-HERE
                - AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=ENTER-YOUR-SECRET-KEY-HERE
                - AWS_BUCKET=bucket-name
                - NOTION_TOKEN=notion_secret
                - NOTION_DATABASE_ID=notion-database-id
                - GoogleAPIKey=Google-Books-API-Key
                - USE_PUSHOVER=yes/no
                - PO_TOKEN=pushover-app-API-key
                - PO_USER=pushover_user_key

## Using the Application

Once the application is running, you should be able to view the logs or in the console see the status, which should read...
'Next scan scheduled...'

The app will check your Notion database every 60 seconds for new books. To create a new book:

1. Duplicate the [Notion Books_Template](https://allaboutduncan.notion.site/3db8f153c5734fa883ea28030255a9df?v=c946f182c52d41a0bde3e96a237fb2a4&pvs=4)
2. Create a new database entry / book
3. Enter "New Phsyical Book" for the book title
4. Enter the 10-digit or 13-digit ISBN
5. Wait for the data to be popluated (when the process runs every 60-seconds)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and use a feature branch. Pull requests are warmly welcome.

## Notes

This is my first public project and I've been working/running this personally for 9 months. It's by no means perfect, but I'm interested to get feedback, requests, etc at this point and share it in a more usable way.

If you enjoyed this, want to say thanks or want to encourage updates and enhancements, feel free to [!["Buy Me A Coffee"](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/allaboutduncan)


## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Update readme for Pushover optional

README.md, after:

# Notion-ISBN

 Python App that Gets ISBN numbers from Notion and populates book data using the Google Books API

 Duplicate the [Notion Books_Template](https://allaboutduncan.notion.site/3db8f153c5734fa883ea28030255a9df?v=c946f182c52d41a0bde3e96a237fb2a4&pvs=4)

 ![Library Example Image](/images/library.png)

This repository helps in managing ISBNs with Notion. Follow the instructions below to clone the repository and install it via Docker CLI or using `docker-compose`.

## Requirements

* AWS S3 Bucket for Image storage
* [Notion API Key / Custome Integration](https://developers.notion.com/docs/create-a-notion-integration)
* [Google Books API Key](https://developers.google.com/books/docs/v1/getting_started)

## Add-Ons
If you'd like to receive notifications when new books are processed or error details pushed to your mobile device, Pushover is supported.

In the `docker-compose.yaml` file - configure `USE_PUSHOVER=yes` and enter your Token and User Keys in the areas provided. 
* [Pushover](https://pushover.net/)

## Clone the Repository

First, you need to clone this repository to your local machine.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/allaboutduncan/notion-isbn.git
cd notion-isbn
```

## Edit the Docker Compose File

For the app to run,  you must edit the `docker-compose.yaml` fle and configure the following environment variables with the appropriate values.

            - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=ENTER-YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-HERE
            - AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=ENTER-YOUR-SECRET-KEY-HERE
            - AWS_BUCKET=bucket-name
            - NOTION_TOKEN=notion_secret
            - NOTION_DATABASE_ID=notion-database-id
            - GoogleAPIKey=Google-Books-API-Key
            - USE_PUSHOVER=yes/no
            - PO_TOKEN=pushover-app-API-key
            - PO_USER=pushover_user_key

Note: Currently, Pushover is required, but I'll publish an update in the future making it optional. I highly recommend using Pushover, as the app will send you error information if it encouters issues when adding books.

## Installation via Docker Compose (CLI)

Use `docker-compose` to install to load the variables in the yaml file needed to run the app:

1. **Ensure you have Docker Compose installed:**

   Docker Compose is typically included with Docker Desktop on Windows and Mac. On Linux, you may need to install it separately.

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```bash
   cd notion-isbn
   ```

3. **Run Docker Compose:**

   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

   This command will build and start the services defined in the `docker-compose.yaml` file in detached mode.

## Installation via Docker Compose (Portainer)

Copy the following and edit the environment variables

    version: '3.9'
    services:
        notion-books:
            image: allaboutduncan/notion-isbn:latest
            container_name: notion-books
            logging:
                options:
                    max-size: 1g
            restart: always
            volumes:
                - '/var/run/docker.sock:/tmp/docker.sock:ro'
            ports:
                - '3331:3331'
            environment:
                - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=ENTER-YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-HERE
                - AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=ENTER-YOUR-SECRET-KEY-HERE
                - AWS_BUCKET=bucket-name
                - NOTION_TOKEN=notion_secret
                - NOTION_DATABASE_ID=notion-database-id
                - GoogleAPIKey=Google-Books-API-Key
                - USE_PUSHOVER=yes/no
                - PO_TOKEN=pushover-app-API-key
                - PO_USER=pushover_user_key

## Using the Application

Once the application is running, you should be able to view the logs or in the console see the status, which should read...
'Next scan scheduled...'

The app will check your Notion database every 60 seconds for new books. To create a new book:

1. Duplicate the [Notion Books_Template](https://allaboutduncan.notion.site/3db8f153c5734fa883ea28030255a9df?v=c946f182c52d41a0bde3e96a237fb2a4&pvs=4)
2. Create a new database entry / book
3. Enter "New Phsyical Book" for the book title
4. Enter the 10-digit or 13-digit ISBN
5. Wait for the data to be popluated (when the process runs every 60-seconds)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and use a feature branch. Pull requests are warmly welcome.

## Notes

This is my first public project and I've been working/running this personally for 9 months. It's by no means perfect, but I'm interested to get feedback, requests, etc at this point and share it in a more usable way.

If you enjoyed this, want to say thanks or want to encourage updates and enhancements, feel free to [!["Buy Me A Coffee"](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/allaboutduncan)


## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License. See the LICENSE file for details.
